Add Aside component (#761)
withastro/docs: src/pages/en/guides/markdown-content.md

## Markdown Component

:::caution[Deprecated]

> The `<Markdown />` component does not work in SSR and may be removed before v1.0. It should be avoided if possible. To use Markdown in your templates, use a separate `.md` file and then [`import` Markdown](/en/guides/markdown-content/#importing-markdown) into your template as a component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `<Markdown />` component does not work in SSR and will be moved to its own package before v1.0. Consider [importing Markdown content](/en/guides/markdown-content/#importing-markdown) instead.
```

### Remote Markdown

:::caution[Deprecated]

> The `<Markdown />` component does not work in SSR and may be removed before v1.0. It should be avoided if possible. To use Markdown in your templates, use a separate `.md` file and then `import` it into your template as a component. Read this [RFC Discussion](https://github.com/withastro/rfcs/discussions/179) to learn more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `<Markdown />` component does not work in SSR and will be moved to its own package before v1.0. Consider [importing Markdown content](/en/guides/markdown-content/#importing-markdown) instead.
```

### Nested Markdown

:::caution[Deprecated]

> The `<Markdown />` component does not work in SSR and may be removed before v1.0. It should be avoided if possible. To use Markdown in your templates, use a separate `.md` file and then `import` it into your template as a component. Read this [RFC Discussion](https://github.com/withastro/rfcs/discussions/179) to learn more.

Author: I’m assuming this should match the same suggestions made above

```suggestion
The `<Markdown />` component does not work in SSR and will be moved to its own package before v1.0. Consider [importing Markdown content](/en/guides/markdown-content/#importing-markdown) instead.
```
